feat(sepolia urls): update rpc, verification, testnet L2ERC20Bridge, … [WIP] (#797)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/python/getting-started.md

```python
from zksync2.module.module_builder import ZkSyncBuilder
...
sdk = ZkSyncBuilder.build("https://sepolia.era.zksync.dev")
```

## Examples

> Full code for all examples is available [here](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/tree/master/examples). Examples are configured to interact with `zkSync`, `Sepolia` or `Goerli` test networks.

Reviewer: Did we configure the examples for Sepolia?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/commit/1918fffc41d6e6a3f35b89a3001186fe7224df04

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Full code for all examples is available [here](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/tree/master/examples). Examples are configured to interact with `zkSync` and `Sepolia` test networks.
```
